bpo-37794: MSVCCompiler: Replace /Ox with /O2 (#15179)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2019-08-08-20-04-58.bpo-37794.mTM2Kt.rst

> :class:`distutils.MSVCCompiler` now uses ``/O2`` switch instead of ``/Ox``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`distutils.MSVCCompiler` now uses the ``/O2`` optimization instead of ``/Ox``.
```
